README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

read me and people in room.

README.md, after:

# Coding Platform

A real-time multi-user Javascript coding platform!

## Lobby
Each code block is designed to be a standalone lesson. The first user to enter a code block becomes the mentor, while all subsequent users who join (as long as the mentor is still present) will be students.

![Lobby](Lobby.png)

## Code Block Page
Upon entering the code block, users will see their assigned role (mentor or student) and the number of people currently in the room. The code editor is connected to a socket, enabling students to collaborate in real-time by writing code together. Users can also run the code independently of each other and see the results. The mentor has read-only access and cannot modify the code. When the mentor leaves the room, all students are redirected to the lobby. If the students successfully solve the code block task, a large smiley face will appear on the screen.

### Mentor
![Code Block Page](<Code Block Page.png>)

### Student
![Student Code Block Page](Student.png)


### When task is solved:
![Solved](Solved.png)
